Project A-What the fortune teller says 

My project is an interactive conversation with the fortune teller on the web page. By following the instructions and clicking on the agreements, the users’ computers send requests to get the location, IP address, system language of the users through API. To make the experience more responsive, the fortune teller will respond with different scripts according to the information she gets and make some predictions according to integration of different information. For example, she will say that “You might be a foreigner. Is the language for your system your mother tongue?” when the standard language used for the user’s location is different from the user’s system language. 

Challenges, solutions, compromises and shortcomings
The first challenge I met was the application of numerous API in my project. At first, I really hoped that I could make it into a page that matches both computers and phones. I tried for at least ten types of API, four different ways to ask for IP address. Finally, I realized that it was not so possible for me with my current coding skills to fit into the compatibility of both devices with too many permissions. Let alone there are more problems with mobile devices. My phone with a Harmony system can work with http because it has a lower security guard, but it can’t ask for permission if we don’t access the API in the first place, while the apples should work with https and better with encryption. I certainly sacrificed a lot of APIs and finally picked out five of them, including location, IP address, language, battery and clipboard content to promise the running capability of my project. I also wrote a lot of try...catch to make sure that even if part of API failed the program can also be working. 

It is also another challenge to design the narrative of the conversation. At first, I wanted to make it into an animation that the lines appears and disappears automatically. To achieve better interactions, I used one string to store the script of the fortune teller and added up the index by clicking the mouse. This also raised a problem on mobile screens since the touching can be calculated twice if touching the screen for too long. I realized that I should really make a backward button for people to get back to the previous lines or make a debounce delay. There are also delays when accessing API with huge data, so we might caught the line not refreshed even if we click for next. Therefore, I separated the permissions lines and acquired results into two elements that either appears or disappears and created a transition of “......” between them to pretend that the computer was thinking really hard.  

It’s really cool and thought-provoking to hear from others’ feedback in class. I came to realize that I could make the interface better with a lot more details. Though I tested with several friends and every one of them seem to click on the screen to continue by themselves, it might be possible that my users don’t know the interactions exist without proper guidance. The interface should also improve on fitting the fortune teller better on the screen. Though I used font style to distinguish the permission lines with the words from the fortune teller, it is still confusing and coercive. I didn’t know that the auto-player of sounds simply shouldn’t be working in most browsers and I should test my code right before the class. I was almost frightened to death when I found my project not working five minutes before the class began. 