
How does the virtual body relate to the biological body?  

In my opinion, the virtual body is developed from the biological body, but it needn’t maintain fidelity to the biological body. The reason why the biological body comes first is that there are firstly human beings, and then people invent new identities in the virtual world. Even when it comes to the artificial intelligence, they are based on the coding and intentions of programmers who have biological bodies.   

 Since the virtual body is constructed by piles of information communicated online, it can be not so faithful to the biological one. When new identities are explored, the virtual body can always effortlessly crosses traditional borders, not only concerning different identities from the biological body but also of human and machine, like what was mentioned in the reading - people can’t distinguish between AI and human. Therefore, the virtual body can also be recognized as an escape from the limits set by the biological body and reality.  

However, the connection between the biological body and the virtual body does exist, specifically considering emotions. No matter how many identities are created to serve different functions, the mind that working behind is the same. Therefore, as the writer mentions “the virtual body could nonetheless register real trauma transferred back onto the actual self”, when the virtual body encounters emotional damage, the disappointment can have great influence on the biological body. Except from that, although the opportunity was presented to create any sort of virtual body imaginable, there was a tendency to reproduce old identities referring to gender and racial stereotypes. In other words, people often create their visual body based on their experience from the biological body. A new identity may possibility carries some expectation of whom people want to become or simply portraits a representation of the real. As for me, I also have a virtual identity as a fan of acgn in cyberspace, I create a new name that has no connection with my real self, and chatted with other people with virtual identities in acgn fan groups. But I seldom consider how these virtual friends’ biological body looks like and we only focus on sharing joy regardless of gender or nationality. It might be possible that I’m highly deceived by others, but as long as it doesn’t affect the reality, I don’t mind at all. Therefore, the way to avoid feeling cheated or even raped by the virtual others is to avoid involving reality including money or biological identities.  
