How is spatiality constituted in the artists' works that are discussed?

In the first reading, the artist is using game modeling to create a art world that looks like what people are experiencing in real life. The users can see the city from a bird’s eye-view because they can fly and teleport. The city imitates real life purchases that players can buy houses and lands. After paying real-life dollar, players can gain attachment to a three-dimensional virtual place. To explore the connection between real and virtual space better, people are also able to create their own avatars. I think the art work function spatially as expected primarily because of its similarity with phenomena in the real world. It’s natural for the players to project their own experience of walking on the streets in real life onto what they are doing in the virtual space, when the roads in the art work not exactly the same as what they see on Chinese urban streets.
In the second reading, the artist couple both wore GPS transmitters to integrate data on computers and made it public to all visitors. Their intention is to undermine the goals of the data collectors by embracing the hypervisibility of the network. Instead of cleaving themselves from their digital doubles, they are happy to establish a connection with their virtual bodies. 

From the summary above, it can be seen that both of the readings emphasized subject consciousness, in other words, a sense of oneself in the virtual world. Cao Fei created an armour-clad platinum-blond cyberpunk approaching Barbie-Doll proportions to represent her inner-self, while the couple built up their digital doubles with data about GPS location and other personal information. The various ways that the individuals present themselves can be helpful of exploring the virtual reality environment. To make it simpler, with the help of 3D technology, people are able to perceive space by observing surroundings with two eyes and ears and feel the spatiality by moving our bodies.

There’s another spatiality that can be identified in the second reading. When communicating and interacting with each other on the cyberspace, people’s perception of geographical space is altered accordingly. Within this context, "cyberspace" may be defined as that special digitally supported communication space in which each individual participant of the communicative act can observe the other actors' performance in the network’s theater of visibility. It emphasized engagement through information sharing. As the second reading’s writer identified, it is the ease with which tools like blogs can create a feedback loop between writer and reader, or performer and viewer, that distinguishes the performance of digital identity after web 2.0.