How do relationships*, intimacy, and interpersonal connections exist online?

The relationships formed online can differ greatly from the ones in the real world. According to Gene McHugh, for people who grew up with the Internet, the virtual world itself is reality rather than a corner to escape reality. This means that online relationship is often established on the outreach network of the individual’s another virtual identity unrelated to the physical identity in the real life. As for me, I strongly agree with the writer’s idea that most of the time, my going online is not for role-playing, but for a chance to show my real self that is usually not involved in routinely daily relationship.

 However, Claire L. Evans believes that physical body still plays an important role in virtual relationship, because people’s physical identities still occupy certain amount of space in this context. In other words, as long as we reach out to people online, we are woven into invisible webs from which connections are quantified. I remember the writer mentions an interesting thought that interactions in the virtual space is like things happening inside theaters. This idea reminds me of our class name ABC circus. Does that mean taking this course is like placing ourselves on the center of the stage built by the web and putting on ‘shows’ in a public place? The relationship we built in this class can also be intriguing. What I am talking about is not only our relationship with professor Leon and classmates, but also the change of my relationship with the web after this class.

There are side effects when building up relationship online, changing people’s social patterns. For instance, oral flirtation can be more easily accepted in online conversations, while complex emotions are harder to express through texts. The web serves as a recorder far too faithful to include everything people have done, including the details that are not expected. When the relationship related to these information died out online, people might not be able to get rid of the connection easily because the data remains. Therefore, people have to be more considered to what they are doing online.
